The Arcane Living (AL)
The Al race showed up around 50 years ago. They wer originally thought to be malfuntioning AI, but were able to cast magic.
There is great dislike of the AL and the are the most hated race in the system. the orgin of AL is comletely sponatanous.
The large piles of electronic junk taht has been piling up for thousands of years have been seen being enfused with mana.
After the mana explosion, an AL is left. So far there is no know max age limit to the AL as they have only been observed 
for the last 40 years. They have been forming groups to fight for their rights as AL have the full range of emotions as
most other races. They dont tend toward any emotion, belief or personility type. The ALs are usually around 6' - 6'10".
Their body type, color, voice and general appearance vary for each AL.

AL is the only race taht doesn't camp in isolated camps of just ALs. they have been the most assimilated race ever and
an AL can been found if almost any world and status. 


Size		Bonus Hp
Tiny		—
Small		10
Medium		20
Large		30

AL's do not breathe, eat, or sleep.
Low-light vision.
Darkvision 60 feet.
Immunity to disease, death effects, necromancy effects, paralysis, poison, sleep effects, and stunning.
No Constitution score. Any DCs or other statistics that rely on a Constitution score treat a construct as 
	having a score of 10.
Cannot heal damage on its own, but often can be repaired via exposure to a certain kind of effect 
	(see the creature's description for details) or through the use of the Craft Construct feat. 
	Constructs can also be healed through spells such as make whole. A construct with the fast healing 
	special quality still benefits from that quality.
Not subject to ability damage, ability drain, fatigue, exhaustion, or nonlethal damage.
Immunity to any effect that requires a Fortitude save (unless the effect also works on objects, or is harmless).
AL's are not limited by their CON score for cypernectic implants, but is still limited by thier INT.

+2 str +2 dex +4 int -2 cha
lingusist